What was the most absurd lie you've ever told?
What is your biggest fear?
Who was your first crush?
What is your biggest regret?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
Have you ever lied about your age?
What is your biggest secret?
Have you ever had a crush on someone from a family member or close friend?
What was the biggest fight you've ever had with your parents?
Have you ever stolen anything?
What is the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to avoid doing something?
What is your strangest habit?
Have you ever stayed up all night thinking about someone?
What is your biggest secret that you've never told anyone?
Have you ever had a crush on someone who is here?
Have you ever cheated on someone or been cheated on?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
Have you ever faked an orgasm?
Have you ever had an erotic dream about someone in this circle?
What was the worst date of your life?
Have you ever lied about how many people you've been with?
What is the craziest thing you would do for love?
Have you ever wanted to hook up with a friend's boyfriend/girlfriend?
What is your biggest romantic regret?
Have you ever used a dating app while in a relationship?
What is the sexual fantasy you've never fulfilled?
Have you ever hooked up with someone just for interest?
What is the most unusual place you've ever had sex?
Have you ever had an affair with someone married?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
Have you ever stalked an ex on social media?
Have you ever had an experience with someone of the same sex?
Have you ever had drunk sex and regretted it the next day?
What is your biggest fear in a relationship?
Have you ever pretended to like someone to get something?
What is the strangest thing you've ever done to get attention?
What is your biggest physical complex?
Have you ever had a secret relationship?
What is the most immature thing you've ever done out of jealousy?
Have you ever had sex while thinking about someone else?
Have you ever had a platonic crush on a teacher?
What is the most expensive thing you've ever bought to impress someone?