Who is most likely to dance on a table?
Who is most likely to say something embarrassing when drunk?
Who is most likely to serenade someone at the party?
Who is most likely to lose their voice from screaming along to songs?
Who is most likely to leave the party with someone unknown?
Who is most likely to try making a crazy drink and fail?
Who is most likely to vent about life to a stranger?
Who is most likely to be the DJ of the party?
Who is most likely to get a tattoo after a party?
Who is most likely to come home wearing someone else's clothes?
Who is most likely to lose their wallet during the party?
Who is most likely to convince everyone to go to an "after party"?
Who is most likely to cry for some strange reason during the party?
Who is most likely to start a fight with someone?
Who is most likely to give love advice to everyone?
Who is most likely to forget their house key and sleep outside?
Who is most likely to send embarrassing messages to their ex?
Who is most likely to break something while dancing?
Who is most likely to make new best friends at the party?
Who is most likely to post compromising stories of the group?
Who is most likely to wake up in an unexpected place?
Who is most likely to ask a stranger to pay for a drink?
Who is most likely to forget the name of the person they were talking to?
Who is most likely to make up a funny lie about their own name?
Who is most likely to make someone drink just for company?
Who is most likely to try throwing a secret house party and get caught?
Who is most likely to sing childhood songs loudly in the middle of the party?
Who is most likely to accidentally spill a drink on someone?
Who is most likely to be kicked out of somewhere for funny behavior?
Who is most likely to enter the wrong party?
Who is most likely to make an absurd promise to someone?
Who is most likely to end up taking care of everyone at the end of the party?
Who is most likely to fight with security?
Who is most likely to jump in a pool with clothes on?
Who is most likely to go around giving hugs to everyone?
Who is most likely to make an impulsive romantic request?
Who is most likely to make up bizarre nicknames for friends?
Who is most likely to accidentally tell a secret?
Who is most likely to black out and not remember anything?
Who is most likely to eat something strange during the party?
Who is most likely to be the "parent" of the group, taking care of everyone?
Who is most likely to go home without telling anyone?
Who is most likely to exchange contacts with someone and forget the next day?
Who is most likely to make a random video call with someone?
Who is most likely to be the last to leave the party?
Who is most likely to dance until they hurt their foot?
Who is most likely to send embarrassing voice messages to someone?
Who is most likely to keep playing the same song repeatedly?
Who is most likely to forget what they said five minutes ago?
Who is most likely to invite their ex to the party?
Who is most likely to create a random choreography?
Who is most likely to laugh at everything while drunk?
Who is most likely to want everyone to drink with them?
Who is most likely to confess their feelings to someone at the party?
Who is most likely to fall while dancing?
Who is most likely to send a message to the wrong person?
Who is most likely to forget their own phone?
Who is most likely to ask a stranger for a ride?
Who is most likely to say "I love you" to everyone?
Who is most likely to give an inspiring drunk speech?
Who is most likely to go out for food after the party?
Who is most likely to invite everyone to sleep at their house?
Who is most likely to have a "secret" playlist of cheesy hits?
Who is most likely to end up in a stranger's story?
Who is most likely to ask the DJ for a drink?
Who is most likely to cry remembering a song?
Who is most likely to risk trying a different drink and regret it?
Who is most likely to have an extravagant look at the party?
Who is most likely to kiss someone just to "cause a scene"?
Who is most likely to refuse a round of shots?
Who is most likely to have a "suspicious" after party after the party?
Who is most likely to be the last to stop drinking?
Who is most likely to receive a funny video of their own performance the next day?
Who is most likely to fall in love with a coworker?
Who is most likely to date someone from a friend's family?
Who is most likely to fall in love long distance?
Who is most likely to perform a serenade?
Who is most likely to have a collection of disastrous dating stories?
Who is most likely to have a secret relationship?
Who is most likely to have a platonic love for a long time?
Who is most likely to take an unexpected romantic trip?
Who is most likely to reconnect with a childhood love?
Who is most likely to go on a blind date?
Who is most daring when making love declarations?
Who is most likely to experience love at first sight?
Who is most likely to have the best flirting skills?
Who is most likely to give an ex a second chance?
Who is most likely to make a romantic surprise?
Who is most likely to get involved in a love triangle?
Who is most likely to fall in love during vacation?
Who is most likely to share romantic secrets?
Who is most likely to write a love letter?
Who is most likely to get caught flirting in public?
Who is most likely to regret confessing their feelings to someone?
Who is most likely to have a secret relationship?
Who is most likely to get a tattoo in honor of a love?
Who is most likely to send a romantic message to the wrong person?
Who is most likely to fall in love with a friend?
Who is most likely to do something crazy for love?
Who is most likely to be the group's "cupid"?
Who is most likely to have a love that ended dramatically?
Who is most likely to have sex in public?
Who is most likely to forget someone's name during sex?
Who is most likely to have sex on the first date?
Who is most likely to make a porn movie?
Who is most likely to cheat on their partner?
Who is most likely to have an experience with someone of the same sex?
Who is most likely to get caught by their parents having sex?
Who is most likely to have sex at a party?
Who is most likely to have a sugar daddy/mommy?