Who is the most beautiful in the group?
Who would have the best chance with you?
Who do you find most attractive here?
Who has the best style?
Who has made you feel awkward with a comment?
Who is most likely to hook up with someone new at a party?
Who would be most likely to make up an excuse to skip a commitment?
Who is the most romantic in secret?
Who do you think is the most jealous?
Who seems to have the best travel stories?
Who is most likely to get drunk the fastest?
Who gets irritated most easily?
Who do you think has had the most relationships?
Who is most likely to laugh at inappropriate moments?
Who would be most likely to go skydiving?
Who is most likely to get a tattoo on impulse?
Who would be most likely to not respond to messages on purpose?
Who has surprised you with a secret?
Who is most likely to drop everything and travel?
Who do you think has the greatest potential to be famous?
Who is the most competitive in games?
Who seems to be the most vengeful?
Who is most likely to break someone's heart?
Who do you think would completely change their appearance to please someone?
Who would be most likely to pretend to be sick to avoid a responsibility?
Who do you think is the most dramatic?
Who seems to be the most soft-hearted?
Who is most likely to start a fight in public?
Who is most likely to flirt with a stranger at a party?
Who do you think has the most unique musical taste?
Who has the most bitter humor?
Who needs the most love advice?
Who would be most likely to move to another country without telling anyone?
Who is most likely to post something controversial on social media?
Who would be most likely to kiss someone random at a party?
Who is most likely to have a "summer fling"?
Who would be most likely to forget their boyfriend/girlfriend's birthday?
Who is most likely to have a "double life"?
Who is the laziest?
Who would give the best dance performance at the party?
Who is most likely to be seen on a reality show?
Who seems to be the best with excuses?
Who is most likely to have compromising photos on their phone?
Who would be most likely to do something crazy for someone?
Who here would you most like to sleep with?
Who here is most likely to have a threesome?
Who here would you kiss right now?
Who here has the most beautiful body?
Who here is most likely to be a porn actor?
Who here has the most beautiful smile?
Who here is most likely to cheat?
Who here is most likely to have sex in public?