I never had a forbidden dream about someone who is here.
I never felt attracted to a friend's parent.
I never sent intimate photos to the wrong person.
I never hooked up with someone of the same gender as me.
I never hooked up with twin siblings.
I never hooked up with more than one person in the same day.
I never went to an adult club.
I never sent the same risky photo to more than one person.
I never wanted to hook up with a friend.
I never met someone from Tinder.
I never kissed anyone after throwing up at a party.
I never had a 'friend with benefits'.
I never saw my parents in an intimate moment.
I never dreamed about a teacher.
I never hooked up with someone from this group.
I never hooked up with someone whose name I didn't know.
I never hooked up with someone and then never spoke to them again.
I never hooked up with someone in the middle of the street.
I never used Tinder.
I never lied about my age.
I never watched an adult movie.
I never stood someone up on a date without warning.
I never said 'I love you' just to hook up with someone.
I never fell asleep while hooking up with someone.
I never hid a hickey with a turtleneck or makeup.
I never hooked up with someone at university.
I never hooked up with someone in a party bathroom.
I never hooked up with someone 20+ years older than me.
I never wore a sexy costume.
I never used Tinder while in a relationship.
I never hooked up with a neighbor.
I never flirted with someone else while in a relationship.
I never said 'I love you' out of politeness.
I never hooked up with someone who was in a relationship.
I never hooked up with a friend's ex.
I never 'stole' someone's partner.
I never hooked up with a friend's sibling.
I never sent a compromising message to the wrong person.
I never did a love spell to win someone over.
I never hooked up with someone in front of another person for revenge.
I never woke up not remembering the name of who I hooked up with.
I never mixed up my crush's/partner's name.
I never went through my partner's phone because I was suspicious.
I never provoked someone who was in a relationship.
I never went on a blind date.
I never wanted to run away after a kiss.
I never liked several old photos of someone on Instagram to get noticed.
I never kissed someone I once swore I'd never hook up with.
I never clogged the toilet at my partner's house.
I never hooked up with someone for personal gain.
I never disappeared after hooking up with someone.
I never hooked up with more than one Tinder person in the same week.
I never ghosted someone.
I never got ghosted by someone.
I never hooked up with someone much younger than me.
I never invented an imaginary boyfriend/girlfriend to make my ex jealous.
I never posted a thirst trap on Instagram.
I never made up an excuse to stop talking to someone on Tinder.
I never felt really bad about a situationship that didn't work out.
I never hooked up with someone to get over another person and ended up needing to get over both.
I never used pickup tricks during a date.
I never got arrested.
I never drove after drinking alcohol.
I never missed work because I was hungover.
I never smelled someone else's underwear.
I never got home without remembering how.
I never flirted with a boss trying to get a promotion.
I never made purchases on my parents' credit card without telling them.
I never forged my documents.
I never saw a neighbor getting out of the shower.
I never shoplifted anything.
I never ran from the police.
I never smelled my own underwear to check if it was dirty.
I never felt embarrassed by intimate scenes while watching a movie with my parents.
I never broke something at someone's house and didn't tell them.
I never crashed a party.
I never went on a crazy diet.
I never created a fake profile to stalk someone on social media.
I never left without paying the bill at a bar/restaurant/club.
I never laughed until I peed my pants.
I never looked at a boyfriend's or crush's phone because I didn't trust them yet.
I never broke into a place that was already closed.
I never hid a really big mistake.
I never embarrassed myself on a trip.
I never made a gaffe with my boss.
I never hooked up with someone in an unusual place.
I never quit a sport after practicing it only once.
I never fell down in the middle of the street.
I never fell asleep in the middle of a party because I was drunk.
I never had sex in a public place.
I never used sex toys.
I never had a threesome.
I never had sex on the first date.
I never pretended to be asleep to avoid sex.
I never had sex with someone whose name I didn't know.
I never had sex at a party.
I never recorded an intimate video.
I never had sex in a car.
I never had virtual sex.